Soru tipleri
* matching
* multiple-choice
* fill-blank-dropdown
* fill-blank-text
* word-bank
* translation-text
* multiple-fill-blank
* fill-blank

eşleştirme
çoktan seçmeli
boşluk doldurma (açılır menü)
boşluk doldurma (metin)
kelime bankası / kelime havuzu
çeviri metni
çoklu boşluk doldurma
boşluk doldurma


çeviri metni
kelime bankası / kelime havuzu
eşleştirme


There is a test.
There is a form.
There is a hope.
There is a wire.
There is a type.
There is no test.
There is no form.
There is no hope.
There is no wire.
There is no type.
There is a theory.
There is a supply.
There is a profit.
There is no theory.
There is no supply.
There is no profit.
There is a vibration.
There is a summary.
There is a source.
There is a solution.
There is no vibration.
There is no summary.
There is no source.
There is no solution.
There is an examination.
There is a possibility.
There is a translation.
There is a temperature.
There is a similarity.
There is no tendency.
There is no statement.
There is no condition.
There is no examination.
There is no possibility.
There is no translation.
There is no temperature.
There is no similarity.
There is an improvement.
There is a suggestion.
There is no improvement.
There is no suggestion.
There will be a short test.
There must be a thin wire.
There will be a long examination.
There may be no new form.
There might be a faint hope.
There must be a short summary.
There will be a new source.
There will be no large profit.
There may be some disadvantages.
There will be some advantages.
There will be some successes.
There could be some failures.
There have been some influences.
There may be large supplies.
There must be some reforms.
There have been some causes.
There should be some proofs.
There must be some precautions.
There could not be any peace.
There has not been any cause.
There should not be any loss.
There have been several new types.
There ought not to be any failure.
There cannot be any transport.
There must not be any erosion.
There will not be any species.
There may not be any reforms.
There have not been any stages.
There have been no great improvements.
There have been many new theories.
There will be an important condition.
There may not be any agriculture.
There may not be any rainfall.
There will not be any agriculture.
There should not be any advantage.
There has not been any influence.
There could not be any precautions.
There must not be any responsibility.
There should not be any neglect.
There have not been any species.
There may be some minor disadvantages.
There will be various advantages.
There will be unequal successes.
There could be some minor failures.
There ought not to be any great failures.
There could not be any definite peace.
There has not been any definite cause.
There has not been any foreign influence.
There cannot be any industrialisation.
There will not be any nationalisation.
There cannot be any rapid transport.
There should not be any great losses.
There will not be any foreign species.
There may not be any heavy rainfall.
There may not be any agricultural reform.
There have not been any similar stages.
There have not been any common species.
There must some effective precautions.
There may not be any intensive agriculture.
There ought not to be any rapid erosion.
There will not be any profitable agriculture.
There must not be any similar neglect.
There could not be any effective precautions.
There must not be any unequal responsibilities.
There should not be any great disadvantages.
There may be a slight tendency towards improvement soon.
There will not be any further nationalisation.
There has not been any concept of data distortion.
There is a new form.
There is a thin wire.
There is a new type.
There is a short test.
There is a faint hope.
There is a new theory.
There is a new source.
There is a tendency.
There is a statement.
There is a condition.
There is a large supply.
There is a short summary.
There is a large profit.
There is a slight tendency.
There is a slight vibration.
There is a high temperature.
There is a false statement.
There may be a faint possibility.
There may be a slight tendency.
There may be a slight vibration.
There is a long examination.
There is a faint possibility.
There is a good translation.
There is a hopeful solution.
There is a slight similarity.
There may be a good translation.
There could be a high temperature.
There might be a hopeful solution.
There is a great improvement.
There is a useful suggestion.
There could be a slight similarity.
There is an important condition.
There has been some foreign influence.
There must be some industrial reforms.
reason for failure
There can be no reason for failure.
easy solution to this problem
There must be an easy solution to this problem.
easy solution to this problem
There may be no easy solution to this problem.
new theories in this field
There have been no new theories in this field.
at the meeting so far
decision at the meeting so far
There has been no decision at the meeting so far.
improvement in the quality of the fruit
There can be an improvement in the quality of the fruit.
serious flying accident near the airport
There has been a serious flying accident near the airport.
formal justification for the budget cuts
There has been no formal justification for the budget cuts.
precise definition for every core concept
There must be a precise definition for every core concept.
automatic extension of the existing contract
There will be no automatic extension of the existing contract.
clear resolution to the ongoing conflict
There has been no clear resolution to the ongoing conflict.
very heavy rainfall in these areas
There has been a very heavy rainfall in these areas.
possibility of improvement before next year
There can be no possibility of improvement before next year.
tendency towards improvement in recent years
There has been no tendency towards improvement in recent years.
resemblance between the two cases
There can be no resemblance between the two cases.
at the top of this machine
filter at the top of this machine
There must be a filter at the top of this machine.
in this part of the machine
filter in this part of the machine
There must be no filter in this part of the machine.
faint hope of improvement soon
There could be a faint hope of improvement soon.
evidence of guilt in the circumstances
There could be no evidence of guilt in the circumstances.
protection from fire in the laboratory
There may be no protection from fire in the laboratory.
absorption of the light rays so far
There has been no absorption of the light rays so far.
comparison between these two actions
There can be no comparison between these two actions.
between the two types of plant
resemblance between the two types of plant
There can be no resemblance between the two types of plant.
direct relevance between these two issues
There may be no direct relevance between these two issues.
stable growth without financial investment
There can be no stable growth without financial investment.
better framework for this specific research
There could be no better framework for this specific research.
possibility of failure in this matter
There must be no possibility of failure in this matter.
of an improvement in the quality of the fruit
doubt of an improvement in the quality of the fruit
There can be no doubt of an improvement in the quality of the fruit.
significant alteration in the research methodology
There has been no significant alteration in the research methodology.
discrimination based on gender or ethnicity
There must be no discrimination based on gender or ethnicity.
immediate assessment of the structural damage
There must be an immediate assessment of the structural damage.
sustainable source of funding for the project
There must be a sustainable source of funding for the project.
reliable mechanism to monitor the emissions
There ought to be a reliable mechanism to monitor the emissions.
some inconsistencies in the analyzed samples
There must have been some inconsistencies in the analyzed samples.
major recession in the domestic economy
There must have been a major recession in the domestic economy.
in Geology this afternoon
short test in Geology this afternoon
There will be a short test
There will be a short test in Geology this afternoon.
of improvement next year
faint possibility of improvement next year
There may be a faint possibility
There may be a faint possibility of improvement next year.
of this work in the library
good translation of this work in the library
There will be a good translation
There will be a good translation of this work in the library.
until the year after next
wheat from this area until the year after next
There will be no wheat
There will be no wheat from this area until the year after next.
until next year
further excavations in this area until next year
There will be no further excavations
There will be no further excavations in this area until next year.
at the exhibition tomorrow
new works of art at the exhibition tomorrow
There may be no new works
There may be no new works of art at the exhibition tomorrow.
in public policy regarding welfare
noticeable shift in public policy regarding welfare
There has been a noticeable shift in public policy regarding welfare.
of data distortion in the past
numerous occurrences of data distortion in the past
There have been numerous occurrences of data distortion in the past.
in the initial compilation
systematic error in the initial compilation
There must have been a systematic error
There must have been a systematic error in the initial compilation.
available substitute for this chemical component
There might not be an available substitute
There might not be an available substitute for this chemical component.
in the statistical estimation
high degree of accuracy in the statistical estimation
There must be a high degree
There must be a high degree of accuracy in the statistical estimation.
formal registration for the conference yet
There has not been any formal registration
There has not been any formal registration for the conference yet.
on the welfare of the individuals
more focus on the welfare of the individuals
There should be more focus on the welfare of the individuals.
within the next few years
new form of power within the next few years
There may be a new form
There may be a new form of power within the next few years.
at a later stage of the disease
high temperature at a later stage of the disease
There could be a high temperature at a later stage of the disease.
between the different types of plant
slight similarity between the different types of plant
There could be a slight similarity between the different types of plant.
possibility of improvement in the wheat crop next year
There might be a possibility
There might be a possibility of improvement in the wheat crop next year.
towards improvement at a later stage
slight tendency towards improvement at a later stage
There may be a slight tendency towards improvement at a later stage.
between the two types of plant
slight resemblance between the two types of plant
There may be a slight resemblance between the two types of plant.
beautiful works of art at the exhibition tomorrow
There should be some beautiful works
There should be some beautiful works of art at the exhibition tomorrow.
serious flying accident in the last ten years
There has been no serious flying accident
There has been no serious flying accident in the last ten years.
in the structure of the organization
steady evolution in the structure of the organization
There has been a steady evolution in the structure of the organization.
in the witness testimonies
several contradictions in the witness testimonies
There have been several contradictions in the witness testimonies.
enough evidence to support this specific hypothesis
There has not been enough evidence
There has not been enough evidence to support this specific hypothesis.
clear indicator of economic stability this quarter
There has not been a clear indicator
There has not been a clear indicator of economic stability this quarter.
unverified variables in the final equation
There must not be any unverified variables
There must not be any unverified variables in the final equation.
external interference during the investigation
There must not be any external interference
There must not be any external interference during the investigation.
in the working hours of the staff
more flexibility in the working hours of the staff
There ought to be more flexibility in the working hours of the staff.
of the authors' contributions
explicit acknowledgement of the authors' contributions
There ought to be an explicit acknowledgement of the authors' contributions.
in the data processing phase
significant error in the data processing phase
There should not be any significant error in the data processing phase.
sufficient integration between the systems
There must not have been sufficient integration
There must not have been sufficient integration between the systems.
more appropriate method for this study
There could not have been a more appropriate method
There could not have been a more appropriate method for this study.
no coincidence in those identical results
There could have been no coincidence
There could have been no coincidence in those identical results.
ethical implication in that procedure
There could have been an ethical implication
There could have been an ethical implication in that procedure.
dedicated to the theory of relativity
special session dedicated to the theory of relativity
There will be a special session dedicated to the theory of relativity.
in the market prices
unpredicted fluctuation in the market prices
There must have been an unpredicted fluctuation in the market prices.
new source of raw material in the next 10 years
There will be a new source
There will be a new source of raw material in the next 10 years.
with the members for more than two months
contact with the members for more than two months
There has been no contact with the members for more than two months.
excavation in this area in the next two years
There will be more excavation
There will be more excavation in this area in the next two years.
gold and silver objects in the exhibition of art
There were many gold and silver objects in the exhibition of art.
new sources of information on this subject
There could have been no new sources
There could have been no new sources of information on this subject.
in institutional communication
temporary breakdown in institutional communication
There must have been a temporary breakdown in institutional communication.
different outcome if the criteria were modified
There could have been a different outcome
There could have been a different outcome if the criteria were modified.
total collapse without structural flaws
There could not have been a total collapse
There could not have been a total collapse without structural flaws.
of information on this subject in this book
new sources of information on this subject in this book
There will be many new sources of information on this subject in this book.
during the selection process
administrative oversight during the selection process
There must have been an administrative oversight during the selection process.
between the results of the two experiments
results of the two experiments
There must have been a difference
There must have been a difference between the results of the two experiments.
better translation of that work in the library
There should have been a better translation of that work in the library.
large supply of raw materials for export from these areas
There can be no large supply of raw materials for export from these areas.
